docs: add architecture overview (#35)
OpenArchive/save-rust: docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

# Save DWeb Stack — Architecture & Maintainer Overview

A starting point for a new maintainer. It explains what the Save DWeb stack is,
how the Rust repositories fit together, and how they build, test, and ship.

This is the **general** overview. The Veilid upgrade process is covered by the
`.claude/skills/veilid-upgrade/` skill; this doc links there for those details.

Scope: the two Rust repos — **`save-rust`** and **`save-dweb-backend`** — plus
the role of **`veilid-iroh-blobs`**. The mobile apps that consume the build
output are described briefly, at the level of where the artifact goes.

---

## 1. What "Save" is

> Save is a decentralized, **server-less** media archiving system. Instead of

Author: ```suggestion
Save DWeb is a decentralized, **server-less** media archiving system. Instead of
```

uploading files to a central service, peers form encrypted groups and replicate
content directly to each other over a peer-to-peer network. There is no backend

> server to run, pay for, or subpoena: every participating device is both client

Author: ```suggestion
content directly to each other over a peer-to-peer network. There is no separate
server to run or pay for: every participating device is both client
```
